OSP IPI and UPI without FIPs - OSDOCS 1288 and 1275 (#25216)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-accessing-api.adoc

// * installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user.adoc
// * installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user-kuryr.adoc

// ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-openstack-user"]
// :osp-user:
// endif::[]
// ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-openstack-user-kuryr"]
// :osp-user:
// endif::[]

[id="installation-osp-accessing-api_{context}"]
= Enabling access to the environment

At deployment, all {product-title} machines are created in a {rh-openstack-first}-tenant network. Therefore, they are not accessible directly in most {rh-openstack} deployments.

> You can configure {product-title} API and application access by using floating IP addresses (FIPs) during installation. You can also complete an installation without configuring FIPs, but you must perform network configuration after installation succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure {product-title} API and application access by using floating IP addresses (FIPs) during installation. You can also complete an installation without configuring FIPs, but the installer will not configure a way to reach the API or applications from outside of the OpenStack cluster. 
```

// * installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user.adoc
// * installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user-kuryr.adoc

[id="installation-osp-accessing-api_{context}"]

> = Enabling access to the environment

Reviewer 2: ~This heading shouldn't start with a gerund, and I question whether it needs to be a separate module.~

You might want to add some notes that say that this stub is meant to be used with the other modules.
